README.md, before:

# Developer Setup

1. use rvm
1. allow the .rvmrc file
1. `gem install bundler`
1. `bundle`
1. Install Postgres (Mac OSX instructions below)
1. `rake db:create db:migrate`
1. `rake db:seed`
1. Download extJS 4.1 (A version of 4.1 is hosted here: http://my.jasondenney.com/extjs-4.1.1.zip) Latest versions at http://www.sencha.com/products/extjs. Unzip and place where ever you like.
1. Link to your extJS folder path under `public/extjs`: (From app root) `ln -s /MY/PATH/extjs/ public/extjs`
1. `rails s`


# Postgres 9.2 Mac OSX Install
1. Install homebrew `ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.github.com/mxcl/homebrew/go)"`
1. `brew install postgres`
1. First time db initialization `initdb /usr/local/var/postgres -E utf8`
1. Start Postgres `pg_ctl -D /usr/local/var/postgres -l /usr/local/var/postgres/server.log start`
1. Create your PG user `createuser -d -P velocipede`
1. Create your database `createdb -U velocipede --owner=velocipede velocipede`
1. Copy over DB config:  `cp config/database.yml.example config/database.yml`
1. Update config with your database (velocipede), user (velocipede), and password.

# Optional
 Add icons

1. Download icons from http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/
1. Link to the icons under `public/images/icons`: (From app root) `ln -s /MY/PATH/famfamfam_silk_icons/icons public/images/icons`

# License
Velocipede is released under the MIT license (http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

<a href="http://madewithloveinbaltimore.org">Made with &hearts; in Baltimore</a>

Commit message:

Update read me with youtube video link

README.md, after:

# About
A web application for bicycle collectives to track bicycles, bicycle work history, volunteer hours, volunteer work history, and volunteers currently in the shop.

See an overview video of what it looks like and how it works here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-JjM6d9nK4.


# Developer Setup

1. use rvm
1. allow the .rvmrc file
1. `gem install bundler`
1. `bundle`
1. Install Postgres (Mac OSX instructions below)
1. `rake db:create db:migrate`
1. `rake db:seed`
1. Download extJS 4.1 (A version of 4.1 is hosted here: http://my.jasondenney.com/extjs-4.1.1.zip) Latest versions at http://www.sencha.com/products/extjs. Unzip and place where ever you like.
1. Link to your extJS folder path under `public/extjs`: (From app root) `ln -s /MY/PATH/extjs/ public/extjs`
1. `rails s`


# Postgres 9.2 Mac OSX Install
1. Install homebrew `ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.github.com/mxcl/homebrew/go)"`
1. `brew install postgres`
1. First time db initialization `initdb /usr/local/var/postgres -E utf8`
1. Start Postgres `pg_ctl -D /usr/local/var/postgres -l /usr/local/var/postgres/server.log start`
1. Create your PG user `createuser -d -P velocipede`
1. Create your database `createdb -U velocipede --owner=velocipede velocipede`
1. Copy over DB config:  `cp config/database.yml.example config/database.yml`
1. Update config with your database (velocipede), user (velocipede), and password.

# Optional
 Add icons

1. Download icons from http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/
1. Link to the icons under `public/images/icons`: (From app root) `ln -s /MY/PATH/famfamfam_silk_icons/icons public/images/icons`

# License
Velocipede is released under the MIT license (http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

<a href="http://madewithloveinbaltimore.org">Made with &hearts; in Baltimore</a>
